Add user and blueprint structure (#1671)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/sso-rbac/rbac/rbac.md

<PortApiRegion />

#### Blueprints Structure

> This new created blueprints structure and properties meaning:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The new blueprints have the following structure:
```

<Tabs groupId="user-and-team-blueprint-structure" queryString values={[
{label: "User", value: "user"},
{label: "Team", value: "team"},
]}>

<TabItem value="user">

> - Identifier - the user email. Will be synced with the Port user email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Identifier - the user's email. Will be synced with the Port user's email.
```

> - Title - the user name. This will be synced with the Port user first name and last name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Title - the user's name. This will be synced with the Port user's first and last name.
```

> - Status - the status of the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Status - the user's status, which can be one of the following:
```

>   - Active - the user has logged in into Port .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Active - the user has logged into Port .
```

>   - Invited - the user was invited to Port with an invitation email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Invited - the user was invited to Port via an invitation email.
```

>   - Disabled - the user is disabled and can not user Port (relevant only for [service accounts](/sso-rbac/rbac/#service-accounts)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Disabled - the user is disabled and cannot use Port (relevant only for [service accounts](/sso-rbac/rbac/#service-accounts)).
```

> - Port Role - the user internal role in Port. This property affects the permissions this user will be granted. [More about roles](/sso-rbac/rbac/#roles).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Port Role - the user's internal [role in Port](/sso-rbac/rbac/#roles). This property affects the permissions granted to this user.
```

>   - Admin

Reviewer: remove the roles from here, since we link to the relevant section.

  - Moderator
  - Member

> - Moderated Blueprints - the blueprints that can be moderated by the user. Only relevant for Moderator users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Moderated Blueprints - the blueprints that can be moderated by the user. Only relevant for `moderator` users.
```

> - Port type - the user internal type in Port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Port type - the type of the user, can be one of the following:
```

>   - Standard - person users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Standard - human users.
```

>   - [Service Account](/sso-rbac/rbac/#service-accounts)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Service Account](/sso-rbac/rbac/#service-accounts).
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="team">

> - Identifier - the team entity identifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Identifier - the team's identifier.
```

> - Title - the team name. This will be synced with the Port team name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Title - the team's name. This will be synced with the Port team name.
```

> - Description - the description of the team. This will be synced with the Port team description.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Description - the team's description. This will be synced with the Port team description.
```

> - Size - how many users there are in this team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Size - the number of users in the team.
```
